update UG for v1.3b (#154)
AY2122S2-CS2103T-T09-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

[Back to top <img src="images/back-to-top-icon.png" width="25px" />](#table-of-contents)

---
### Sorting applicants : `sort`

> Allows you to sort the applicant list temporarily using the parameter identified by the field. The order of sorting is based on the input order.

Reviewer: A bit too technical for UG imo, possible to replace the word `parameter` and hide the details

```suggestion
Allows you to sort the list of applicants temporarily by name or by job. You can sort based on ascending or descending order.
```

[Back to top <img src="images/back-to-top-icon.png" width="25px" />](#table-of-contents)

---
### Clearing the applicants : `clear`

Clears the list of applicants

<br>

Format: `clear`

> <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-warning">:exclamation: **Caution:**

Reviewer: Nice update, if you don't mind, could you also add a similar warning for `delete` as it is also another irreversible action?

| **Add**    | `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL j/JOB r/ROUND [s/SKILL]...` <br> e.g: `add n/Bob p/99999999 e/bob@example.com j/Data Analyst r/Interview s/Pandas` |
| **List**   | `list`                                                                                                                                                |
| **View**   | `view NAME` <br> e.g: `view Steve Jobs`                                                                                                               |
| **Search** | `search [n/NAME]... [j/JOB]... [r/ROUND]... [s/SKILL]...` <br> e.g: `search n/Steve`                                                                  |
| **Edit**   | `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [j/JOB] [r/ROUND] [s/SKILL]...` <br> e.g: `edit 1 n/Elon Musk`                                               |
| **Flag**   | `flag INDEX` <br> e.g:  `flag 1`                                                                                                                      |
| **Delete** | `delete INDEX` <br> e.g: `delete 1`                                                                                                                   |

> | **Exit**   | `exit`                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: Could you add `sort` and `clear` to the command summary?
